Feat - Restructure Shimmer Develop Section Part - Add "What is Shimmer?" and more links to docs (#894)
iota-wiki/iota-wiki: shimmer/develop/what-is-shimmer/layer-1-landscape.md

| Data structure                                                 | DAG(Tangle)                                                                                            | DAG(Tangle)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | Transaction execution                                          | Parallel                                                                                               | Parallel                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: Let's remove the parallel execution thingy. It's correct.

| Value transactions                                             | Yes                                                                                                    | Yes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | [Store data](#store-data)                                      | Yes                                                                                                    | Yes, with Proof of Inclusion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: Technically we also have PoI for IOTA 🤔

Author: practically as well?

Reviewer: https://github.com/iotaledger/hornet/tree/production/plugins/poi

I would say so

| [Output unlock conditions](#output-unlock-conditions)          | [Address](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/what_is_stardust/unlock_conditions/) | [Address](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/what_is_stardust/unlock_conditions/), [Storage Deposit Returns](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/what_is_stardust/unlock_conditions/#storage-deposit-return), [Expiration](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/what_is_stardust/unlock_conditions/#expiration), [Timelock](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/what_is_stardust/unlock_conditions/#timelock) |

> | [IOTA Smart Contract (ISC)](#iota-smart-contracts-isc) Support | No                                                                                                     | On a [private Tangle](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/smart-contracts/guide/development_tools/docker_preconfigured/)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: On a private tangle is not correct. Technically you could run it everywhere. Can we replace it with something like: In alpha/beta state?

Author: Alpha till the beta is announced?

## Stability

Shimmer is designed as a staging network to test features publicly before deploying them on the IOTA network, so it
will always have more features than IOTA. As this may come at the cost of some stability, before any protocol changes are deployed on the [Shimmer Mainnet](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/develop/endpoints/shimmer/), they have been tested
in the [Shimmer Testnet](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/develop/endpoints/testnet/).

## Store Data

### IOTA

> In IOTA, you can attach
> an [IndexationPayload](https://wiki.iota.org/iota.rs/explanations/messages_payloads_and_transactions/#indexationpayload)
> to
> any [SignedTransaction](https://wiki.iota.org/iota.rs/explanations/messages_payloads_and_transactions/#signedtransaction).

Reviewer: Indexation payload doesn't need to be part of a transaction. It can also be a standalone message.
```suggestion
In IOTA, you can attach
an [IndexationPayload](https://wiki.iota.org/iota.rs/explanations/messages_payloads_and_transactions/#indexationpayload)
to a [message](https://wiki.iota.org/iota.rs/explanations/messages_payloads_and_transactions/#messages) or
any [SignedTransaction](https://wiki.iota.org/iota.rs/explanations/messages_payloads_and_transactions/#signedtransaction).
```

The IndexationPayload allows you to add an index to a data message and arbitrary data.

### Shimmer

> You can use the [INX-PoI](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/inx-poi/welcome/) node extension to verify if any piece of data

Reviewer: Should we mention the `Tagged Data` payload here?

Author: I see no reason why not, I'll add it today

was included in the Tangle. This feature does not rely on the [Chronicle](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/chronicle/welcome/)
permanode, so it drastically reduces the node operator's storage requirements.

## Tokenization

### IOTA

The IOTA network does not support custom tokens yet.

### Shimmer

The Stardust protocol introduces
a [tokenization framework](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/what_is_stardust/tokenization/)
that enables [Alias outputs](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/ledger/alias/),
[NFTs](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/ledger/nft/)
and [native tokens and foundries](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/ledger/foundry/)
on layer 1, as long as you can cover the
minimum [storage deposit](#storage-deposits).

## Storage Deposits

### IOTA

There are no data storage deposits in the IOTA network, as it relies on [dust protection](https://wiki.iota.org/introduction/reference/details/#dust-protection), which means you can only

> send microtransactions of less than 1Mi if the target address already has at least 1Mi.

Reviewer: Do we want to mention the `SigLockedDustAllowanceOutput` here? If not, I would keep it more vague and say something like:
 ```suggestion
send microtransactions of less than 1Mi if the target address mets some special criteria.
```

and maybe link to the [TIP](https://wiki.iota.org/tips/tips/TIP-0015/) or something

but also:

- [Storage deposit
  returns](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/what_is_stardust/unlock_conditions/#storage-deposit-return):
  This feature allows you to specify a return amount that has to be refunded to the sender's account, which enables
  micro-transactions of any size.
- [Expirations](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/what_is_stardust/unlock_conditions/#expiration):
  If you define an expiration date-time for your output, it will be returned if it hasn't been claimed by said
  date-time.
- [Time-locks](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/introduction/explanations/what_is_stardust/unlock_conditions/#timelock):
  Conversely to expirations, you can also specify a date-time until which the recipient won't be able to claim the
  output.

## IOTA Smart Contracts (ISC)

You can use [IOTA Smart Contracts (ISC)](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/smart-contracts/overview/) to deploy your own
[scalable](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/smart-contracts/overview/#scaling-and-fees)
and [flexible](#https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/smart-contracts/overview/#flexibility) smart contracts to the
IOTA ecosystem.

> ### Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) Support

Reviewer: I guess we don't want to mention wasmVM yet?

Author: I think we can come back to this when we add the smart contracts content. WDYT?

Reviewer: Fine to me

| Value transactions                                             | Yes                                                                                                    | Yes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | [Store data](#store-data)                                      | Yes                                                                                                    | Yes, with Proof of Inclusion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Author: ```suggestion
| [Store data](#store-data)                                      | Yes, with Proof of Inclusion                                                                            | Yes, with Proof of Inclusion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```
